c:\users\valerypyzhik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExcelReader\ExcelReader\bin\Debug\ExcelReader.exe.config
c:\users\valerypyzhik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExcelReader\ExcelReader\obj\Debug\ExcelReader.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\valerypyzhik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExcelReader\ExcelReader\bin\Debug\ExcelReader.exe
c:\users\valerypyzhik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExcelReader\ExcelReader\bin\Debug\ExcelReader.pdb
c:\users\valerypyzhik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExcelReader\ExcelReader\bin\Debug\ExcellReader.dll
c:\users\valerypyzhik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExcelReader\ExcelReader\bin\Debug\ExcelReaderLinq.dll
c:\users\valerypyzhik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExcelReader\ExcelReader\bin\Debug\Model.dll
c:\users\valerypyzhik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExcelReader\ExcelReader\bin\Debug\LinqToExcel.dll
c:\users\valerypyzhik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExcelReader\ExcelReader\bin\Debug\Remotion.Data.Linq.dll
c:\users\valerypyzhik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExcelReader\ExcelReader\bin\Debug\ExcellReader.pdb
c:\users\valerypyzhik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExcelReader\ExcelReader\bin\Debug\ExcelReaderLinq.pdb
c:\users\valerypyzhik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExcelReader\ExcelReader\bin\Debug\Model.pdb
c:\users\valerypyzhik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExcelReader\ExcelReader\bin\Debug\LinqToExcel.xml
c:\users\valerypyzhik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExcelReader\ExcelReader\obj\Debug\ExcelReader.exe
c:\users\valerypyzhik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExcelReader\ExcelReader\obj\Debug\ExcelReader.pdb
c:\users\valerypyzhik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExcelReader\ExcelReader\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
c:\users\valerypyzhik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExcelReader\ExcelReader\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
c:\users\valerypyzhik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExcelReader\ExcelReader\bin\Debug\ExcelReader2.dll
c:\users\valerypyzhik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExcelReader\ExcelReader\bin\Debug\Spire.XLS.dll
c:\users\valerypyzhik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExcelReader\ExcelReader\bin\Debug\Spire.Pdf.dll
c:\users\valerypyzhik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExcelReader\ExcelReader\bin\Debug\Spire.License.dll
c:\users\valerypyzhik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExcelReader\ExcelReader\bin\Debug\Microsoft.mshtml.dll
c:\users\valerypyzhik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExcelReader\ExcelReader\bin\Debug\ExcelReader2.pdb
c:\users\valerypyzhik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExcelReader\ExcelReader\bin\Debug\Spire.XLS.xml
c:\users\valerypyzhik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExcelReader\ExcelReader\bin\Debug\Spire.Pdf.xml
